hello God, what's with the
introduction of a moral enigma of
long range attack intelligence
is one of the only heroes who with only
an ability can change the course of a
whole game your first unit bad faith
makes the target enemy take three
small stans one every two seconds
maximizes this ability gives a
total of 210 being 70 to each state and
This hard every one second
the second memory unit and
convention I think the puzzle has converted
a flu companies london's controlled
for it they last 35 seconds and when
they succeed in six attacks
they will multiply
we restore their lives to the medal of good
causes in an area of ​​400 it creates
an area of ​​black magic
I'm giving enemies based on yours until
March take maximum of 6% of life
enemy in damage form per second
your last ong block is a skill
of the chanel type besides involving with
borges we went up to the center of Lima
the affected can not move to attack
or use skills takes as much as he gives
70 damage to the more enemies
distant from the centers and 140 damage per
seconds to the nearest center
my videos only now on dota 2 site
dot com dot br the largest site rating 2
of Brazil
there you will find information about all
the heroes all the teeth and a great
forum to discuss about dota with people
who really likes to visit
site note 2 point with dot br link in
description, that's it guys thanks
watch the video on the left will take
to use the right for a night
Pizza
Thank you for the judge and for the if you
Did you like to share it?
see you next time